category = name
branch = name
compliance = name
executive = name
state = name
company = name


all Details are here -

companydetails,
comapnyaddressdetails,
companytypedetails,
companycategorydetails,
companynatureofbusinessdetails,
companyregistrationdetails,
companycindetails,
companyissuedplacedetails,
companyauthoritydetails,
companypandetails,
companytandetails,
companytindetails,
companygstdetails,
pfdetails,
pfaddressdetails,
esidetails,
esiaddressdetails,
registrationD3details,
managernameD3details,
issueauthfD3details,
fpD3details,
issueauthfpD3details,
powerfpD3details,
powerhpfpD3details,
registrationlwfD3details,
registrationptrD3details,
contLabRegNoEDet,
dateOfRegEDet,
noOfContractEmpEDet,
noOfContractorsEDet,
nameOfContractorsE1Det,
nameOfEstablishmentE1Det,
regAddContractorE1Det,
agreementExpiryDateE2Det,
agreementRenewalDateE2Det,
natureOfWorkAgreementE2Det,
noOfEmpDeployedAgreementE2Det,
companyTypeLabourE3Det,
contractLabourLicNoE3Det,
contractLicDateE3Det,
contractExpiryDateE3Det,
contractRenewalDueDateE3Det,
noOfWorkersContractE3Det,
panContractorsE3Det,
gstContractorsE3Det,
pfRegContractorsE3Det,
esicRegContractorsE3Det,
shopsandEstContractorsE3Det,
lwfRegContractorsE3Det,
profTaxContractorsE3Det,
contractorAddBranchFDet,
managerNameF1Det,
managerMobNoF1Det,
managerEmailF1Det,
managerAadharNoF1Det,
managerPanF1Det,
shopsEstLicenseF2Det,
contractLabRegNoF5Det,
contractorNameF51Det,
establishmentNameF51Det,
regAddContractorF51Det,
natureOfWorkF52Det,
companyTypeF53Det,
contractLabLicNoF53Det,
panF53Det,
gstF53Det,
pfRegF53Det,
esicRegF53Det,
shopsEstF53Det,
lwfRegF53Det,
profTaxF53Det,
g12ncwdet,
g12ncwcoedet,
g13formdet,
g13form5licenecedet,
g13form5licensefeedet,
g13form5securityfeedet,


<!-- A Details -->
companydetails,
comapnyaddressdetails,
companytypedetails,
companycategorydetails,
companynatureofbusinessdetails,
<!-- B Details -->

companyregistrationdetails,
companycindetails,
companyissuedplacedetails,
companyauthoritydetails,
companypandetails,
companytandetails,
companytindetails,
companygstdetails,

<!-- D Details  -->
pfdetails,
pfaddressdetails,
esidetails,
esiaddressdetails,
registrationD3details,
managernameD3details,
issueauthfD3details,
fpD3details,
issueauthfpD3details,
powerfpD3details,
powerhpfpD3details,
registrationlwfD3details,
registrationptrD3details,

<!-- E Details  -->
contLabRegNoEDet,
dateOfRegEDet,
noOfContractEmpEDet,
noOfContractorsEDet,
nameOfContractorsE1Det,
nameOfEstablishmentE1Det,
regAddContractorE1Det,
agreementExpiryDateE2Det,
agreementRenewalDateE2Det,
natureOfWorkAgreementE2Det,
noOfEmpDeployedAgreementE2Det,
companyTypeLabourE3Det,
contractLabourLicNoE3Det,
contractLicDateE3Det,
contractExpiryDateE3Det,
contractRenewalDueDateE3Det,
noOfWorkersContractE3Det,
panContractorsE3Det,
gstContractorsE3Det,
pfRegContractorsE3Det,
esicRegContractorsE3Det,
shopsandEstContractorsE3Det,
lwfRegContractorsE3Det,
profTaxContractorsE3Det,

<!-- F Details  -->
contractorAddBranchFDet,
managerNameF1Det,
managerMobNoF1Det,
managerEmailF1Det,
managerAadharNoF1Det,
managerPanF1Det,
shopsEstLicenseF2Det,
contractLabRegNoF5Det,
contractorNameF51Det,
establishmentNameF51Det,
regAddContractorF51Det,
natureOfWorkF52Det,
companyTypeF53Det,
contractLabLicNoF53Det,
panF53Det,
gstF53Det,
pfRegF53Det,
esicRegF53Det,
shopsEstF53Det,
lwfRegF53Det,
profTaxF53Det,

<!-- G Details -->

g12ncwdet,
g12ncwcoedet,
g13formdet,
g13form5licenecedet,
g13form5licensefeedet,
g13form5securityfeedet,




<!-- project details -->
comapnyaddressdetails: 1,
companytypedetails: 1,
companycategorydetails: 1,
companynatureofbusinessdetails: 1,
companyregistrationdetails: 1,
companycindetails: 1,
companyissuedplacedetails: 1,
companyauthoritydetails: 1,
companypandetails: 1,
companytandetails: 1,
companytindetails: 1,
companygstdetails: 1,
pfdetails: 1,
pfaddressdetails: 1,
esidetails: 1,
esiaddressdetails: 1,
registrationD3details: 1,
managernameD3details: 1,
issueauthfD3details: 1,
fpD3details: 1,
issueauthfpD3details: 1,
powerfpD3details: 1,
powerhpfpD3details: 1,
registrationlwfD3details: 1,
registrationptrD3details: 1,
contLabRegNoEDet: 1,
dateOfRegEDet: 1,
noOfContractEmpEDet: 1,
noOfContractorsEDet: 1,
nameOfContractorsE1Det: 1,
nameOfEstablishmentE1Det: 1,
regAddContractorE1Det: 1,
agreementExpiryDateE2Det: 1,
agreementRenewalDateE2Det: 1,
natureOfWorkAgreementE2Det: 1,
noOfEmpDeployedAgreementE2Det: 1,
companyTypeLabourE3Det: 1,
contractLabourLicNoE3Det: 1,
contractLicDateE3Det: 1,
contractExpiryDateE3Det: 1,
contractRenewalDueDateE3Det: 1,
noOfWorkersContractE3Det: 1,
panContractorsE3Det: 1,
gstContractorsE3Det: 1,
pfRegContractorsE3Det: 1,
esicRegContractorsE3Det: 1,
shopsandEstContractorsE3Det: 1,
lwfRegContractorsE3Det: 1,
profTaxContractorsE3Det: 1,
contractorAddBranchFDet: 1,
managerNameF1Det: 1,
managerMobNoF1Det: 1,
managerEmailF1Det: 1,
managerAadharNoF1Det: 1,
managerPanF1Det: 1,
shopsEstLicenseF2Det: 1,
contractLabRegNoF5Det: 1,
contractorNameF51Det: 1,
establishmentNameF51Det: 1,
regAddContractorF51Det: 1,
natureOfWorkF52Det: 1,
companyTypeF53Det: 1,
contractLabLicNoF53Det: 1,
panF53Det: 1,
gstF53Det: 1,
pfRegF53Det: 1,
esicRegF53Det: 1,
shopsEstF53Det: 1,
lwfRegF53Det: 1,
profTaxF53Det: 1,
g12ncwdet: 1,
g12ncwcoedet: 1,
g13formdet: 1,
g13form5licenecedet: 1,
g13form5licensefeedet: 1,
g13form5securityfeedet: 1,